Charts: update Step Area with Gaps demo description (#1984)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Charts/NullPointSupport/description.md

> The [step area](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/Charts/StepArea/jQuery/Light/) series draws the perpendicular vertical and horizontal lines between neighboring data points and fills the area under that lines. This demo shows how the Chart component displays the null points as gaps in the areas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Step Area](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/Charts/StepArea/) series uses perpendicular vertical and horizontal lines to connect data points and shades the area under these lines. If a point's value is `null`, the series draws a gap.
```

> Note that the Chart exhibits this behavior only when the value of the point is `null`. If multiple values in a row are `0`, the Chart also displays gaps, but if you enable the [point](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Series_Types/StepAreaSeries/point/) property, the points themselves are visible. If you set a value to `undefined`, the Chart ignores the corresponding point and connects neighboring values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only `null` point values result in gaps. `undefined` values are ignored. Multiple 0 values may look like a gap, but if [series points](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Series_Types/StepAreaSeries/point/) are visible, you can see them in this gap. If you want to remove gaps caused by `null` values, enable the [ignoreEmptyPoints](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/#ignoreEmptyPoints) property.
```

> If you want the component to remove the gaps (recreate the `undefined` behavior), set the [ignoreEmptyPoints](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/#ignoreEmptyPoints) property to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
